Prepare 0.34.1 (#2178)
intel/intel-device-plugins-for-kubernetes: cmd/gpu_plugin/README.md

Temperature limit can be provided via the command line argument, default is 100C.

### By-path mounting

The DRM devices for the Intel GPUs register `by-path` symlinks under `/dev/dri/by-path`. For each GPU character device, there is a corresponding symlink in the by-path directory:
```
$ ls -l /dev/dri/by-path/
lrwxrwxrwx 1 root root   8 oct   x 13:09 pci-0000:00:02.0-card -> ../card1
lrwxrwxrwx 1 root root  13 oct   x 13:09 pci-0000:00:02.0-render -> ../renderD128
```

> The Intel GPU UMD uses these symlinks to detect hardware properties in some cases. Mounting the by-path symlinks as __symlinks__ with the Device plugin API (DP API) is not possible. When the symlinks are mounted via the DP API, they are mounted as the actual devices, and the symlink information is lost (pci address).

Reviewer: Improved wording (especially for the end of this paragraph):
```suggestion
The Intel GPU UMD uses these symlinks to detect hardware properties in some cases. Mounting the `by-path/` directory symlinks individually is not possible with the Device plugin API (DP API), they get mounted as device files instead, and the symlink information (device PCI address) is lost.
```
